OK, everybody, let’s get ready for the meeting.
I really want to comment!
Me too!
OK!
What do you want to say?
Ah, I don’t know, Dad.
Well, you could just say
anything that comes to mind.
Or you can prepare!
Which do you prefer?
This one . . .
Yuck!
. . . or that one?
I like that!
Of course!
Your mother loves you,
so she puts the work
into making you something delicious!
The same with you!
Because you love Jehovah,
you want to give him the best!
This is why you must prepare your comment.
But how?
First, you must use the good ingredients.
Let’s prepare a short comment.
Step 1: What is the question?
Step 2: Find the answer in the paragraph.
Step 3: Make some notes.
Step 4: Practice.
Now you are prepared!
And, Sophia, you can comment
in your own words.
But what if they don’t call on me, Dad?
We will prepare
two or three answers, just in case.
What if he doesn’t call on me for any of them?
Ah!
I quit!
No!
Don’t quit!
Everyone knows you tried your best
—you, the brothers, and Jehovah!
Ah, something smells good!
Are you ready for dinner?